[CDS-76320]: Update run-a-terraform-plan-with-the-terraform-plan-step.md (#3892)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-infrastructure/terraform-infra/run-a-terraform-plan-with-the-terraform-plan-step.md

and found no differences, so no changes are needed.
```

## Skip state storage

> While running terraform commands on delegate, Harness bay defaul will try so detect if there is a local state file in terraform working directory.
> If local state file is identified, at the end of the execution it will be saved on harness storage with a key created based on provisioner identifier.
> That state file will be downloaded in terraform working directory for next executions then updated state will be uploaded back after execution ends.
> 
> This way we allow keeping state of the infrastructure even if there is no terraform backend configured.
> This to is more for testing purpose, for productin environments we advise to cofigure a backend in your terarform config files, ref: [https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/configuration](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/configuration).
> 
> With **Skip state storage** option we allow you to skip local state upload and download operations mentioned above.
> This option makes sense only if you do not have terarform backed configured in your terraform config files, if you have terarform backed configured then terraform cli will not create any local state files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While running Terraform commands on the delegate, Harness by default will try so detect if there is a local state file in the Terraform working directory.

If local state file is identified, at the end of the execution it is saved on Harness storage with a key based on the provisioner identifier.

That state file is downloaded in the Terraform working directory for subsequent executions, and the updated state is uploaded after execution ends.

This method allows the maintaining of the state of the infrastructure even if there is no Terraform backend configured.

This is more for testing purposes. For production environments, Harness advises you configure a backend in your Terraform config files. For information, go to [Backend Configuration](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/configuration).

With the **Skip state storage** option enabled, Harness allows you to skip the local state upload and download operations mentioned above.

This option makes is useful only if you do not have a Terraform backed configured in your Terraform config files. If you have a Terraform backed configured, then the Terraform CLI will not create any local state files.

```
